Guides/4. Blackscreen Troubleshooting.md, before:

## General information

0. Possible issues on **12.50** and **12.52**! (Pro models, CUH-7xxx)
1. Use a TV, if monitor connected to a PS4 after rebooting in to the linux doesn't output.
2. Try disabling HDCP, it **can** cause issues!
3. Hard-reset and retry, maybe a second one.
4. Change kernel (bzImage).
5. When hot-pluging (switching without reboot) monitors - refresh the screen by changing TTY.


## 12.5x Fix
Thanks to @hetman0780_99539, we now know that later configs have a some kind of regression on Pro models. He tested a lot of kernels, found that the 5.15.15_codedwrench_BELIZE_non_overclock saya_config_2.4.zip by saya works and outputs video.
Link: https://e.pcloud.link/publink/show?code=XZiP7jZ5ewE5DJo3bmQYUMnJk4XO8Byni5X#

## Possible cases
#### 1. Terminal appears, but screen goes black after boot (or after login):
It means that X11 display server doesn't work properly. 
Reboot. Twice. Trice.
But, if that doesn't work, Wayland *should* work and be better.

If it's happening on login, change Plasma (X11) to Plasma (Wayland) with dropdown list in bottom-left. Otherwise...

Switch TTY. If your distro uses KDE Plasma desktop enviroment:
`dbus-run-session -- startplasma-wayland`

If your distro uses Xfce desktop enviroment:
`startxfce4 --wayland`

If any other, change the distro.

#### 2. After running the payload, no output - LED strip has changed from white.
2. Use a TV instead of a monitor.
3. Change kernel (bzImage).
Contact us on discord server if it doesn't work.

#### 3. LED is still white:
Use this payload site: https://psfree-enhanced.free.nf/ 
3. Hard-reset and retry, maybe a second one.

Commit message:

Added saya's kernels for 12.5x CUH-7xxx blackscreen fix

Guides/4. Blackscreen Troubleshooting.md, after:

## General information

0. Possible issues on **12.50** and **12.52**! (Pro models, CUH-7xxx)
1. Use a TV, if monitor connected to a PS4 after rebooting in to the linux doesn't output.
2. Try disabling HDCP, it **can** cause issues!
3. Hard-reset and retry, maybe a second one.
4. Change kernel (bzImage).
5. When hot-pluging (switching without reboot) monitors - refresh the screen by changing TTY.


## Pro 12.5x Fix
Thanks to @saya, issue got fixed by dropping new additional binaries for PS4 Pro GPU in the bzImage. Fixed bzImage:
https://e.pcloud.link/publink/show?code=XZfQR3Zr2LFaVugimFLa78ChwFVvjo6adbk

## Possible cases
#### 1. Terminal appears, but screen goes black after boot (or after login):
It means that X11 display server doesn't work properly. 
Reboot. Twice. Trice.
But, if that doesn't work, Wayland *should* work and be better.

If it's happening on login, change Plasma (X11) to Plasma (Wayland) with dropdown list in bottom-left. Otherwise...

Switch TTY. If your distro uses KDE Plasma desktop enviroment:
`dbus-run-session -- startplasma-wayland`

If your distro uses Xfce desktop enviroment:
`startxfce4 --wayland`

If any other, change the distro.

#### 2. After running the payload, no output - LED strip has changed from white.
2. Use a TV instead of a monitor.
3. Change kernel (bzImage).
Contact us on discord server if it doesn't work.

#### 3. LED is still white:
Use this payload site: https://psfree-enhanced.free.nf/ 
3. Hard-reset and retry, maybe a second one.
