First, you need to install WSL2 on your machine. It requires Windows 10 1903 or higher.
Open PowerShell as an administrator and type `wsl --install Debian` 
This will enable WSL2 and install Debian - and I recommend going with it. (without `Debian` option it install Ubuntu).

Then we need to mount the disk in the WSL2. Execute this in Powershell and find your disk name:
`GET-CimInstance -query "SELECT * from Win32_DiskDrive"`
It should be something like `\\.\PHYSICALDRIVEx`
And to mount the drive: `wsl --mount \\.\PHYSICALDRIVEx --bare`

Start WSL2 with either `wsl` command or by going in the Start menu. 
Install required packages: `sudo apt install dosfstools`
Execute `lsblk` - look for your mounted drive point. It should in the very end and should be named like this: `sdX` (`X` is whatever symbol system has assigned to it)
Step-by-step guide to partition the drive:
```bash
$ sudo fdisk /dev/sdX
# Commands in fdisk are symbols, for example `n` creates a new partition.
g # Formats the disk
n # Creating FAT32 parition

# Press Enter for defaults
Partition number (1-128, default 1): # Press enter
First sector (2048-625142414, default 2048): # Press enter

# Here you should set +50M for the size of partition
Last sector, +/-sectors or +/-size{K,M,G,T,P} (2048-625142414, default 625141759): +50M

n # Creating psxitarch

Partition number (2-128, default 2): # Press enter
First sector (104448-625142414, default 104448): # Press enter
Last sector, +/-sectors or +/-size{K,M,G,T,P} (104448-625142414, default 625141759): # Press enter

x # Enter advanced options
n # Renaming partition

Partition number (1,2, default 2): 2
New name: psxitarch

r # Returning to the menu
w # Write changes to the drive

$ sudo mkfs.vfat -F32 /dev/sdX1
$ sudo mkfs.ext4 /dev/sdX2
```

We created partitions we need. 
Mount ext4 with `sudo mkdir /mnt/psxitarch` and `sudo mount psxitarch /mnt/psxitarch`.

We're at the finishing lane, we proceed to extracting of our distro image.
Windows filesystem mount points are in `/mnt`, and they're named after disk letters. In order to access the files, `cd "/mnt/(your drive letter)/path/to/psxitarch_folder"`
And extract! `sudo tar -xvJpf psxitarch.tar.xz -C /mnt/psxitarch --numeric-owner`

After that, go to PowerShell, `wsl --unmount \\.\PHYSICALDRIVEx`, then go to Explorer, find FAT32 partition, copy over your `bzImage` and external `initramfs.cpio.gz`. 

**AND YOU'RE ALL SET, CONGRATULATIONS!!!**